I'm sorry if I was in the house.
I just heard the manon song.
I'm sorry if I look at the song.
Ahh, senior Tom's son.
Ok, what's the class here?
Senior cloth?
In Cantado, De Berlu?
Being...
Senior cloth...
Solicitamos, Ocysthenci, Parela, Candidata, Anita, Wilson.
I'm sorry if I look at the same element.
I'm sorry if I look at the same size.
This is brilliant, I can't imagine anything.
I like this thing, and I will always be able to meet of you.
Hello, I'm a good teacher, I'm 10-year-old, and I'm not an entrepreneur.
I'm not a good teacher.
Hey, you're a good teacher.
I love you too, I love you.
Necessitare la suficinta succiones para cermimrovel directivo.
No está víspo esto a sevelo?